Flawed code is blowing up right now and
I've been right in the middle of it.
I've been building full production
systems, shipping MVPs, testing
frameworks like GSD and the Ralph loop,
but I've also been teaching N now for
over two years to thousands of people
and I genuinely love it. So, I've been
using both daily side by side and I've
been paying very close attention to
where one is pulling ahead and where the
other one still wins. And I keep seeing
these posts everywhere. Is N dead? Is
Claude Code going to kill N? And look, I
do get why people are asking this, but I
actually think they're asking the wrong
question entirely because N and Claude
Code aren't actually competitors. They
do completely different jobs. And once
you see them as one system, not two,
what you can build actually changes
dramatically. So in this video, I'm
going to give you my honest wish list
for what N needs to ship to stay on top.
But I'm also going to show you what
Claude Code does now that N was never
designed to do. So, three big gaps, my
[music] wish list for each one and the
system that we're actually running
today. So, let's get into number one.
So, the whole promise of N was drag and
drop, connect, and done. So, no code
required at all. And that was genuinely
faster than writing everything from
scratch. I actually found N because I
was trying to code a SAS app back in
2024 as a non-developer and it was super
painful. But here's what changed.
Prompting claw code is now just as fast
as dragging nodes. And in some cases,
it's blown right past it. I recently
showed in a video me personally building
a workflow in less than 10 minutes with
claw code. The same one which I actually
use in my business which took me an hour
to build in nan. So think about what you
actually do when you build an n. You're
searching for the right node. You're
configuring credentials, copying pasting
JSON schemas, you're manually then
mapping fields one by one. And if you
need any custom logic, you basically put
inside a code node and start writing
some JavaScript anyway. But with claw
code with MCPs to connect your systems
and skills properly set up, you just
describe what you want. It handles all
of the API syntax, the credentials, and
most time consumingly all of the
individual data mapping. And you've got
a working system in hours, not days. And
that includes end to-end testing. And
the crazy thing is iterating is even
faster. You just tell it to write a test
for this thing or handle this bug that's
come up and it's basically done in a few
minutes. You just go away, do something
else, come back and it's done. Whereas
in Nan, every single one of those
changes means going back into the
canvas, finding the right node,
reconfiguring it, testing it. It's a lot
more manual. And actually, there's
already a bit of a community around
this, trying to speed it up inside N. So
the N MCP server and the N skills, they
pair with Claude Code and N. So
together, you can use Claw Code to
actually build or edit your workflows
much faster. Now n have their own
in-built workflow builder but from my
experience it's not as powerful as
clawed code plus these connections and
people are building with these things
together network chuck built a full
integration where n triggers claw code
for specific use cases and they're doing
that because they know alone one of
these tools isn't enough whereas
together combined they're much better.
So the drag and drop speed that made nan
actually special in the first place back
when I started in 2024 well clawed code
now just matches that with a prompt. So
clawed code is fast, but speed isn't the
only thing that's shifted over the last
few months. There's something bigger
that N simply wasn't built to do. So
here's where the conversation gets
really interesting because people keep
comparing NAN and claw code like they're
the same category of tool and they're
not. And actually if you go to the N
website, they even tell you exactly what
they're for. If we hover over the use
cases here, we've got building AI
agents, rag, IT operations, lead
automation, supercharge your CRM,
back-end prototyping. And if you click
into the backend prototyping page, we
can go down to the properties here on
why we would choose N. So, we're going
to build back-end prototypes quickly.
So, we're increasing our speed of
learning by using N. We're gaining
better observability than code. Really
important one. And we're improving
efficiency of our business operations.
So if we think about it, that's all
internal ops, observability, and fast
experiments. And that makes total sense.
That is genuinely what NAN is brilliant
at. But here's the thing a lot of people
in communities around NAN have wanted
for a long time. We've wanted to build
complete SAS products, multi-tenant
systems, client portals with their own
login, and full product stacks
basically. And I do get that when you're
inside N all day and you can see what it
can do, how powerful it is, you
naturally start to think, okay, how can
I progress on this and just build a
whole product in here, but actually if
you go and check the license and I've
got a specific video covering this and
what's allowed versus what's not
allowed. N sustainable use license
restricts usage to your own internal
business purposes only. So it
specifically says you can't sell a
product where the value derives entirely
or substantially from the NAN
functionality. So anything like white
labeling it, hosting it for clients,
building a multi-tenant SAS on top of
it, that was never what NM was designed
for is something that we just wanted to
do with it. And this is where cloud code
completely changes the game because with
claw code, I can build a full
multi-tenant backend in a few days. I
can attach a proper front end, have a
database with authentication, and even
attach Stripe billing to take payments.
We can build out client portals where
each client can log in, see their own
data, interact with their own interface,
and I own every line of code that comes
from claw code. Yes, I have to pay for
the tokens to produce it, but I still
own the code and I can host that
wherever I want. So, when it comes to
core code and you're a business owner,
it's like being able to build your own
internal tool with a proper interface
that your team actually logs into every
single day and not just have a workflow
running in the background. It becomes a
product. And if on the other side you're
building an agency, imagine going from
selling these 2K end workflows that the
client still has to operate in the back
end to actually selling 10K plus
products with dashboards, client login,
branded front ends. It's a lot more
bespoke with not much additional work.
And for you, that's a completely
different value proposition. But if we
go back to the point, N was never
designed to do any of that. And it's not
a criticism of N. Their own website, as
we saw, tells you exactly what it's for.
But Claude code is designed to fill that
gap completely or that's how we use them
together. So N builds your internal
automations. Claude code builds
customerf facing products. And the
moment you see them that way the is n
dead question kind of answers itself. So
we've got speed and we've got product
capability covered. But there's one more
major gap that's been driving me mad and
it's the one I think n actually should
fix. So the biggest issue for any
internal team running multiple workflows
is this. Every N workflow is essentially
in its own isolated little world.
There's no global state management.
There's no versioning across multiple
instances and that creates a massive
problem when you start to scale. So
picture this. You've got 10 workflows
for 10 different clients. They all share
the same core logic and then you find a
bug or you want to improve that logic.
In Claude code, you just ask it to
update one function and you push it and
your multiple clients will receive the
updates. Whereas in N you're opening
each workflow one by one. you'll know
the pain. You're manually updating the
same node configuration in all 10 of the
workflows. And this can somewhat be
circumvented if you use subworkflows,
but you still can't version them
independently. You can't roll back one
workflow without affecting the others.
And you definitely can't do a global
logic update across all your workflows
in one go. And it's not just an
exclusively agency problem. If you're an
internal team and you've got five people
who each built slightly different
versions of the same workflow, which
happens all the time, you still have to
keep them all aligned. And these may be
features that are available on N's
enterprise plan or more so. But with
Claude Code, we're pretty much able to
do this for free. So here's my wish list
for N. Give us a way to roll out
versions across multiple instances. Let
us treat that shared logic like shared
code so that we can update once and just
propagate it everywhere because right
now that is where claw code I see it
just running away with it and it's what
you need to scale fundamentally. So
without this N really hits a ceiling at
scale. So, I know I've just spent a few
minutes now being pretty critical to
NAN, but here's the thing. I'm
absolutely not telling you to ditch NAN.
Not even close, actually, because N
still does something that Claude code,
in my opinion, genuinely can't match at
this point. So, here's what the N is
dead crowd actually keeps missing, and
it's the thing that actually matters for
most businesses. If you look at the N's
execution history log, is genuinely one
of the most powerful debugging tools
I've ever used. It is so visual and so
easy to use. You can literally see every
single run. You click on any node and
you can see exactly what data went in
and what data came out. So every branch,
every condition, every transformation,
it's all right in a visual interface.
And for nontechnical people like
business owners, ops teams, clients who
want to understand what happened and
why, it's absolutely massive. Once they
know the core fundamentals of the NAN
interface, it's really easy to visually
understand the bugs. You don't need to
understand logging. You just need to
click through and actually see it. And
it's pretty much in plain English what
the problem is to and actually this is
why N in my opinion should stay as your
core business logic layer. So the
automations that actually add value the
lead enrichment the data processing the
client workflows that's where I think N
really shines because when something
goes wrong and ultimately things always
go wrong anyone on your team can go into
the interface and actually diagnose and
help fix the problem. So your core
business logic should live where it can
be inspected, tested and debugged by the
people who actually depend on it. And in
my opinion, it's the same way in which
you don't outsource the core parts of
your business where you're actually
adding value. You do those inhouse. We
want visibility of those areas. We want
full control and N gives us that. So
don't get me wrong, claw code is
incredible for building, but try handing
a client the terminal or the code that
you've created to a non-technical team
and saying here check the logs. I mean,
good luck with that. The visual
transparency in N is actually probably
where it shines the most. And right now,
I've not found a solution for claw code
that actually matches that visually. So,
your business logic should live where
your team can see it, where they can
debug it, and where they can actually
trust that it's going to be repeatable
again and again. And right now, for me,
that's inside N. So, here's how we're
actually building now. And it's the most
powerful setup that I've ever used.
Clawed Code is building everything that
N was never designed to do. the backend
infrastructure, the front ends, the
client portals, the multi-tenant
hosting, the orth, the databases, all
stuff that I don't really want to build
myself. So, it builds the packaging
around the product, whereas N I'm using
to handle the core business logic. It
might take more time to build this way,
but I have more control and I can debug
and test in this way. N is ultimately
going to handle the automations that are
actually going to drive value, the stuff
that needs to be visual, debugable, and
accessible to anyone in the team. And
when you combine them together, you're
not just building workflows anymore.
You're building systems, complete
systems that you can sell or you can
operate entire businesses around. So, is
N dead? No. But it does need to keep up.
So, my wish list is super simple. Close
the speed gap. So, N's built-in builder
needs to be better. It needs to match
the claw code NAN MCP and give us the
ability to propagate versions, too. But
here's the bigger picture. The builders
who figure out how to combine clawed
code and nan into one system, they are
going to leave everyone else behind
because they'll no longer be selling
automations anymore. They'll be selling
complete products and systems. So, if
you want to see how we build full
systems with claw code and n together,
I've just released a complete course on
exactly that. The link's down in the
description below. Thanks for watching.
Give it a like and subscribe if you want
to see more content like